content/en/docs/overview/introduction/index.md, before:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "General description of the graphical interface designed for the clinicians"
lead: "General description of the graphical interface designed for the clinicians"
date: 2023-03-10T23:01:52+01:00
lastmod: 2023-03-10T23:01:52+01:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "overview"
    identifier: "introduction"
weight: 100
toc: true
---

## Description

The SMART BEAR Dashboard is a user-friendly graphical interface that has been designed for the clinicians
involved in SMART BEAR, including Medical Doctors, nurses, social workers etc, to perform their activities
throughout the project, including the registration and assessment of patients, creating the interventions and
performing the analytics.

The workflow to be followed in the project has inspired the use of the Dashboard, its functionalities and
infrastructure, therefore this guide cannot replace the SMART BEAR protocol. Nonetheless it aims to support
clinicians doing their tasks e.g. by showing them where they should go to register a patient, conduct the
baseline assessment or set the threshold values that trigger the interventions.
The Recruitment process is particularly stressed in this guide, because it includes the following steps:

1. Anagraphics
2. Assessment of Exclusion Criteria
3. General Assessment, including: medical history, physical examinations, life habits, medications and
diet supplements
4. Assessment of specific comorbidities
5. Device allocation

The Dashboard also provides functionalities to monitor the patients conditions, based on clinical data from
SMART BEAR, and also from the HOLOBalance and Smart4Health training.

## Esempio di come mettere link

- In questo modo puoi mettere un riferimento a un'altra pagina all'interno del sito: [FAQ]({{< ref "/docs/help/faq.md" >}} "FAQ")
- Questo invece è un esempio di link esterno dove c'è la doc di HUGO [LINK ESTERNO](https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/)

<!-- Devo vedere come mettere dei riferimenti alle immagini, ma ci si può lavorare successivamente -->

## Esempio di come mettere immagini

### Inserimento tramite shortcodes

{{< figure class="responsive-figure" src="images/red-panda.jpg" alt="Screenshot of a web page with an aqua theme" caption="Figure 1: For a figure caption can be different than alt text" >}}

### Inserimento tramite Markdown

![Image](images/red-panda.jpg "Cute image of a Red panda")

Commit message:

New link added. Introduction page edited, I have removed pictures from it

content/en/docs/overview/introduction/index.md, after:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "General description of the graphical interface designed for the clinicians"
lead: "General description of the graphical interface designed for the clinicians"
date: 2023-03-10T23:01:52+01:00
lastmod: 2023-03-10T23:01:52+01:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "overview"
    identifier: "introduction"
weight: 100
toc: true
---

## Description

The SMART BEAR Dashboard is a user-friendly graphical interface that has been designed for the clinicians
involved in SMART BEAR, including Medical Doctors, nurses, social workers etc, to perform their activities
throughout the project, including the registration and assessment of patients, creating the interventions and
performing the analytics.

The workflow to be followed in the project has inspired the use of the Dashboard, its functionalities and
infrastructure, therefore this guide cannot replace the SMART BEAR protocol. Nonetheless it aims to support
clinicians doing their tasks e.g. by showing them where they should go to register a patient, conduct the
baseline assessment or set the threshold values that trigger the interventions.
The Recruitment process is particularly stressed in this guide, because it includes the following steps:

1. Anagraphics
2. Assessment of Exclusion Criteria
3. General Assessment, including: medical history, physical examinations, life habits, medications and
diet supplements
4. Assessment of specific comorbidities
5. Device allocation

The Dashboard also provides functionalities to monitor the patients conditions, based on clinical data from
SMART BEAR, the HOLOBalance and Smart4Health training.

For a general outline of the Dashboard and its functionalities, read [General]({{< ref "/docs/clinician-dashboard/understanding/index.md" >}} "Outline").

<!--
## Esempio di come mettere link

- In questo modo puoi mettere un riferimento a un'altra pagina all'interno del sito: [FAQ]({{< ref "/docs/help/faq.md" >}} "FAQ")
- Questo invece è un esempio di link esterno dove c'è la doc di HUGO [LINK ESTERNO](https://gohugo.io/content-management/cross-references/)

Devo vedere come mettere dei riferimenti alle immagini, ma ci si può lavorare successivamente 

## Esempio di come mettere immagini

### Inserimento tramite shortcodes

{{< figure class="responsive-figure" src="images/red-panda.jpg" alt="Screenshot of a web page with an aqua theme" caption="Figure 1: For a figure caption can be different than alt text" >}}

### Inserimento tramite Markdown

![Image](images/red-panda.jpg "Cute image of a Red panda")
-->
