content/en/docs/operating/analytics/index.md, before:

---
title: "Analytics"
description: "Analytics Management"
lead: ""
date: 2023-03-11T12:30:03+01:00
lastmod: 2023-03-11T12:30:03+01:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "operating"
    identifier: "analytics"
weight: 190
toc: true
---

## Notebook creation

The user can create and run analytics on the Notebooks page. Follow the steps below to create a Notebook:

1. Click on the +NOTEBOOK button in the Notebooks page. A form appears (see Figure 256 and Figure
257)
2. Click on Name. Type a value (see Figure 258)
3. Click on Description. Type a value (see Figure 259)
4. Click on CREATE NOTEBOOK to save the data, otherwise click on CANCEL to discard them (see
Figure 260).

The new notebook appears as a new record in the Notebooks tab (see Figure 261). It can be edited with the
EDIT button and deleted with the DELETE button. The SHOW button visualizes the analytics.

## Analytics creation

Follow the steps below to create Analytics:

1. Click on the SHOW button of a Notebook. The tab Analytics of Notebook appears (see Figure 262)
2. Click on the +ANALYTICS button. A page appears (see Figure 263)
3. Tick the analytics (see Figure 264), click on the CONTINUE button to confirm and proceed
4. Type the values for the parameters under Configure analytics. Click on the CONTINUE button to
proceed, otherwise click on the PREVIOUS button to go back to Step 3 (see Figure 265)
5. Click on the RUN button to save and launch the analytics, otherwise click on the PREVIOUS button
to go back to Step 4. (see Figure 266).

Commit message:

I have simplified the text and added references (see figure, see sec,)  where a link to an image or section is to add.

content/en/docs/operating/analytics/index.md, after:

---
title: "Analytics"
description: "Analytics Management"
lead: ""
date: 2023-03-11T12:30:03+01:00
lastmod: 2023-03-11T12:30:03+01:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "operating"
    identifier: "analytics"
weight: 190
toc: true
---

## Notebook creation

Analytics are statistical tools that are the output of data analysis. The user can create and run analytics in the Notebooks page. Follow the steps below to create a Notebook:
1.	Click on +NOTEBOOK in the Notebooks page (see Figure ) to open the Create a Notebook (see Figure )
2.	Click on Name and type a value 
3.	Click on Description and type a value 
4.	Click on CREATE NOTEBOOK to save the data, otherwise click on CANCEL to discard them (see Figure ).

The new notebook appears as a new record in the Notebooks tab (see Figure ). It can be edited with the EDIT button and deleted with the DELETE button. The SHOW button opens the Notebook, where the user can create and update Analytics.


## Analytics creation

Follow the steps below to create Analytics:

1.	Click on SHOW to open a Notebook (see Figure ). The tab Analytics of Notebook appears 
2.	Click on +ANALYTICS to open a tab for creating Analytics (see Figure )
3.	Tick the analytics (see Figure ), click on CONTINUE to confirm and proceed
4.	Type the values for the parameters under Configure analytics. Click on CONTINUE to proceed, otherwise click on PREVIOUS to go back to Step 3 (see Figure )
5.	Click on RUN to save and launch the analytics, otherwise click on PREVIOUS to go back to Step 4. (see Figure ).
